ah I got him I got him he's at nine
o'clock
[Music]
[Laughter]
we are on the East loop coming up on
Market Street heading northbound yes
finally
his HPD still a player with us did they
find him too
give me the cross streets now
[Music]
thirty
that's a Chevy Camaro with a v8 in it
art and we've just passed Market Street
and we're underneath the i-10 just past
I tend now coming up on the North Loop
on the feeder street because as you can
tell freeway traffic is extra heavy this
afternoon over here
coming up on highway 90 blowing through
red lights just barely missing that car
right there but the chase is on we it
took us quite a while to find the white
Camaro I did a lot of double backs and a
lot of loop around it started over there
by the University of Houston
and I had police going in every
direction we finally caught up with the
Camaro we're up here with HPD so we're
up here with them and trying to get this
Camaro stopped right now they're at a
stoplight he's got himself he's got
himself stopped right now yeah
[Music]
not quite sure what's going to happen
here we're just going to have to wait
and see
I well but everybody's going so let's
see if he's gonna stay or if he's going
to go
to be honest with you I'm not quite sure
up here on the East loop Alan can you
help me to give me the cross street here
and this this is this is Bacardi Street
this is McCarty yup up on the North Loop
Martin North Loop and McCarty and we are
on the westbound side of the North Loop
that stopped here at McCarty
now the freeway main lane traffic cannot
see down below bound down there where he
is so freeway main lane traffic is
really not affected but obviously the
feeder is blocked right now
no art we have not we have not had a
chance to look in there he was way ahead
of us when we finally caught up with him
and I just have not had a chance to look
in there there's been no movement that I
can tell inside the car don't want to
get too close here because we just don't
know how this is all going to play out
he has not opened the door there's been
no movement with the window the window
is still up so he's just sitting here
right now I guess contemplating what his
next move is
well then as you pass you can also see
art HPD has got part of McCarty blocked
off and I would imagine that they'll be
coming around the other side as well to
block off the entire intersection so he
won't be able to go anywhere and get
away from a chase that just happened
recently we saw that happen several
times
and you know I just to let you guys know
we picked up on this chase somewhere off
of Allen Parkway and the Pierce elevated
we started looking for him over there
police were going in every direction
because they couldn't catch up with him
obviously with this high-powered car we
did finally catch up with him over on
the east loop right over by the Ship
Channel bridge and this is where hit has
ended at least for the time being
[Music]
yes Chazz
yes let me check let me check with with
food Alan
Chas we have to leave at 6 o'clock
that's our drop that time 6 o'clock
[Music]
I'm here art
yes I can hear you just fine
[Music]
yes I'm here and
Melony it's hard to tell whether they
are actually communicating with him with
him there is a man that's got a looks
like a microphone up to his mouth he's
the one that's holding the dog there can
you see him there on the right side of
your picture with the dog laying next to
him it looks as though that that could
be a microphone I'm not quite sure about
that but as you can see canine is now on
the scene and we're just waiting for
this to come to an end sooner or later
it will it's just a wait-and-see game
right now here at McCarty and the North
Loop east bound feeder over here on the
northeast side of town
[Music]
you know I'm not quite sure if they've
got the defeat are down I'm just gonna
look down here for just a second they do
not have that feeder blocked and I'm
sure that got it that way for a reason
I'm not quite sure why but you could
certainly make a run for it straight
ahead and get back on the freeway as far
as I can tell
[Music]
all right
okay tell me when I'm ready
all right thank you
well good evening from sky dawn
Armstrong reporting we're over the
intersection of McCarty and the 610
North Loop over here
this is really a police standoff
following a chase that went all the way
from really the near west side of
Houston down off of Sheppard and i-10
and in what we understand was some sort
of a robbery that chase led police
officers all over the south side of
Houston mainly around the University of
Houston tear Westar down around the
Hobby Airport area finally back on to
the freeway to find ourselves over here
in the northeast side of town as you can
see about a dozen Houston police
officers on the scene here at a standoff
guns are drawn HPD k-9 is also here on
the scene we don't know how this is
going to play off as far as the end
result of this the driver from what we
understand is still behind the wheel
windows continue to be rolled up we
don't know if there is any communication
between the driver and HPD it appears as
though that HPD is trying to communicate
with the driver and obviously to give
himself up he is pretty much surrounded
although he does have an open path to
head on back on to the 610 North Loop
thank goodness he hasn't done that this
intersection remains closed off to
traffic as you can see so right now it's
just a standoff over here on the
northeast side apparently a robbery
suspect perhaps two inside the white
Camaro with a v8 engine in it and that's
why police had such a hard time trying
to keep up with him because he avoided
contact with the HPD because of the high
horse pilot car as you can see feeder
traffic is backed up as far as the eye
can see coming off of the ship channel
bridge highway 90 a as well as I 10 over
here on the east side of town but we're
just going to have to wait and see how
this plays out over here we're live from
Sky I this afternoon
and we'll have more information as soon
as we get more information we'll bring
it to reporting live from sky dawn
Armstrong 13 Eyewitness News
[Music]
not Armstrong again from sky I over a
police chase that has ended here at
least temporarily and a standoff with
Houston Police at McCarty and the 610
North Loop and as you can tell doesn't
Houston police officers here's with a
gun drawn on that car alleged suspects
and a robbery armed robbery over on the
west side of town ended here police have
been out of their cars telling drivers
to get back into the cars there a lot of
people had gotten out of the cars
originally to look now they're asking
people to get out of their cars and move
back away from the scene you can see
them they're walking back right now as
we speak but still no movement from the
driver and/or the passenger if there is
a passenger in there we've yet to
confirm that but HPD with guns drawn
also a police dog a k-9 unit is here on
the scene as well we think that HPD is
trying to communicate with the driver
we're not exactly sure why he came to a
stop here originally it was because he
was caught up in traffic and now we're
wondering whether or not that car has
run out of gas we're not sure but it
certainly is a possibility and we've
seen it a time or two before in several
of these police chases where a
high-horsepower car finally just runs
out of gas because they're certainly not
miserly when it comes to gas consumption
all right thank you
I'll have to check with Alan
Allen says no we are not able to stay
for that oh there he is now
hands up
[Music]
there is another person in the passenger
seat
[Music]
I don't think that he understands
English
[Music]
now we've got the passenger one hand up
out of the window
I'm not sure that these people
understand English
the driver has gotten out handcuffed
he's on the ground now they're dealing
with the passenger
[Laughter]
[Music]
it appears to be a male I'm not sure
[Laughter]
they believed that there may be another
passenger inside the car
yes sir
[Music]
all right
it's all clear
[Music]
six minutes or so this is all ended you
know
[Music]